hallucinatory episode
Daddy is fantasizing again that he is Gu Zhenting
Wu Yu
Mr. Gu, how are you thinking about this?
I listen to Doudou
Really. Hmm.
Children and husbands
Doudou, tomorrow is the weekend.
We'll leave tomorrow, okay?
Hug
husband
Miss Jiang
Are you going to fake it?
Why am I so excited?
It seems that there is a natural connection between the two of them
The woman from that night five years ago
They also have the same aroma
Although my intuition tells me that Jiang Xue replaced you back then
You are Doudou's mommy
But I still need to have sufficient evidence
Assistant Sun has something for you to do.
The sooner the better.
If something goes wrong, you will be responsible for the consequences.